well today the guest is at
joyce to bloom too
and I am very curious I am still
never been a guest at one cookie
so I'm curious what to do
hello all welcome to that beautiful
kitchen today again video showing me
share a delicious recipe with you
because i am a youtube star and all
YouTube Stars make awkward cow
nice shovel there and you want that
all see what we something her also this
times i'm not going to do it alone but me
go with a famous youtube gassi
do tomay thomas a joyce
welcome to my kitchen thank you I think
it's very nice that I've never had one
man i'm just so well
must be the first time well thomas
tell me what do you do on youtube me
to make
those videos on youtube.com are bad
O man is yellow ar so well so that
I'm going to eat
today i 'm going for you chocolate pasta
and so very tasty if you
bit of italian loves with the
chocolate touch screen so it will be you
really gave birth really a treat to it
At the end you must of course taste
so imagine mars is now my assistant too
do you want to cook it yourself
yes you ever heard needed thomas
black is that is your apron can i have it
where do you discard show then I want for it
stand
i have never had such a nice men mine
kitchen goes so but I think so yes it
my hands is not meant to
or use as well
well thomas you must k you can yes credion
will complain shit for that yummy that
pasta
this all goes in one goes there
all in stirring but good to forget
you don't either
we will also immediately start with it
make the recipe
so lawyers to start the scale
very hot papstar new ready how
burn it
look at people the colors help that
in the dish
everything is allowed to do intro with you
you can do well
looks nice with it already
a little too yes grandma argo but not
all to tell after thomas it
next ingredient is we go
add is the gender that you can
do it for me
do the marshall you had everything or me
just do it all delicious
yes we hussel a bit
by each other
but first we must be our other he was
is not necessarily necessary
Next ingredient is the input
unloading is herb cheese
i just take cheese and chocolate
k the candles chocolate is delicious for the
taste a little Italian blowing
to keep in it
we will also enjoy that again
but it may well help or to just
help with mixing
well it looks nice and you have to
to smell
yes that smells like the province is
very much through
After Thomas go a cornerie step
because we want to perform a little
have crispy bite in it
So we go to what eminem sing you
is thrown you give me a blank
a bit of cracking and color
more kk that's not just it's like
a disco in the dish
it still looks very colorful from one
a lot you will not find Thomas the last
step we are going to perform is one
little hair spray about tk about the food
yes I have seen that in good times
bad but it makes it tasty
is going to grow but you have to see what is there
out when I get better
of the complaining no no no correct two
just right you look thomas this is it
end result that looks not much
luck on
Yes
no you can taste it later
but first we go to the commercials
all right
oh follow me there are no ads oh me
thought you were free to design to
witnesses ready with internet looking forward
you we usually test result
well thomas now comes to change what you
may taste
difficult africa tu tu tu tu tu tu tu tu
tu tu hate that he would have paper well
nice hear hey i was nice thomas
pro loopy have gained the spirit
Thomas you did my best
well thank you it helped thomas tom
another bite and well yours again
good sir thomas nice hear hey thomas
helped me today and I am
very happy that it is so tasty
forms
I often make it over live
class always likes it very well
very good thing is that i am good to hear
also make at home if you want more of it
corn and no ordinary my channel joyce
that o-ring
know this channel from youtube
already against squares
who knows
I climb the stairs and
beware